---
title: Ideas
layout: post
---

In no particular order:

1. Courses to offer in January
    1. Innovation book club
        * 12 weeks
        * 3 books
        * chapter questions to consider for study
        * Joan to develop the course
    2. Systematic problem solving for Javascript
    3. Systematic problem solving for pricing
    4. Still a bit Bullish on Content Management Systems and the make/buy decision
1. The Association
    1. Better name????
    2. Not inclusive of men but not exclusive either - I thought afterwards that we could separate the courses from the association. Anyone could take the courses but the association is for women.
    3. Joan will be the director face of the Association
    4. We need to set up a LinkedIn group and company page????? for our association.
1. Sharing the money, partnerships and such
    * we will talk more about this when it is higher on the list of important things to do
    * I would like to get started without any partnerhips /external funding although my friend Stephen mentioned that too. His idea was that if we were really on to something that I should drop Mohawk. The earliest I could drop Mohawk would be for the summer so right now I would like to see what comes of our 3-4 courses.

What we didn't talk about was surveys. I am thinking that we want to have a well being survey that members take every year as a condition of membership. My original plan was to use the Canadian Index of Well-being survey instrument. That isn't going to work out as that survey isn't set up for longitudinal use and it is administered only by the Canadian Index of Well-being in a not for profit situation.

The CIW is based on Statistics Canada data and on survey instruments like the Census. I am thinking that we should write our own, perhaps simplified questions based on hacking Statistics Canada's instruments.  It would be also interesting to add a section on personal integrity/ethics [based on this](https://digitalcommons.georgiasouthern.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1008&context=information-tech-facpubs). 

I would also like to write a needs assesment survey to guide course design and selection. When I was doing my MBA we had Gary Svboda give us some help with that. I have a couple of surveys that I wrote with him that I can base something from.

I am also thinking of a survey with a short answer question that we could link to the contributing page so that a member could contribute articles. We would vet the short answer and decide whether to allow it.

I would also like to do what you did with cesandbob.com. Start each course with a goal setting survey. Then we can use predictive analytics to customize the course to the goals and abilities/background of the learner with the right amount of scaffolding. 

Anticipating the requirements to do surveys, I integrated surveyjs with our authoring system. You can see a fake one [here](https://ysaas.ca/admin/collections/CIW/well_being.md) and [here](https://ysaas.ca//userSurveys/CIW/well_being/).

I also anticipate the need to simulate productivity apps in our environment for courses like pricing. There are githubs for this [ethercalc](https://github.com/audreyt/ethercalc) and [etherpad](https://github.com/ether/etherpad-lite). The ethercalc person also has an interesting [hypocratic oath for IT](https://github.com/audreyt/HippocraticOathForIT).

Finally I anticipate the need to simulate an integrated development environment. Ives Van Hoorne got this [working in August](https://twitter.com/CompuIves/status/1031930891122049024). His github is [here](https://github.com/CompuIves).